REQ-ID: NFR-9
Description: The Membership Search shall be easy and fast to operate.
Type: 11 - Learning requirements
Rationale: The system must be easy to use without adding to the workload, for example, when taking bookings over the phone. 
Fit Criterion: Fully trained clerks will be able to operate the Membership Search facility with just the keyboard, so that a search criterion can be entered in less than 10 seconds in 90% of the times.
Originator: Marion Harkin
[Thejas Kumar] I think it is good to have a safety margin to the fit criterion. E.g. After 30 minutes of training all clerks will be able to operate the Membership Search facility with just the keyboard, so that a search criterion can be entered in less than 10 seconds in 90% of the times.
[Adam Boothroyd] I aggree with Thejas regarding the safety margin. Additionally, I think the 30 minutes specified training time could be too short. It might not be necessary to specify a time limit for training. One could instead say 'Fully trained clerks will be able to operate the Membership Search facility with just the keyboard, so that a search criterion can be entered in less than 10 seconds in 90% of the times'.
[Jacek S Kutyla] I think it may be dangerous to assume that all clerks are capable of being trained in a timely manner. I would add some safety margin here.
[Sam Bates] It might even be that by suggesting "Fully trained clerks will be able to operate the Membership Search facility with just the keyboard", you're suggesting a solution. I think this aspect could actually be left out - there's no need to specify using the keyboard in order to obtain high speed of operation.
[DPVreony] Agreed the "just the keyboard" is term that needs considering, you don't want to give suggestion of an exclusive solution\constraint. There is the possibility to automate the search based on
1) incoming phone number via CTI (Computer Telephony Integration).
2) membership cards scanning etc.
So you could say training should establish a priority of how to identify the member i.e (semi)automatically will be done with x accuracy and y speed and then fall back to manual search with your 10seconds and 90% of the time. I do agree with keyboard being an important accessibilty factor though, because I have seen systems that don't cater for it adquately. You could state that entry should be capable "without a mouse".
